Add OpenEBS and rancher files (#134)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/ssdb.md

---
name: SSDB
category: Databases - noSQL
description: SSDB is a high performace key-value(key-string, key-zset, key-hashmap) NoSQL database, an alternative to Redis.
download_url: https://github.com/ideawu/ssdb/releases 
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 1.9.7
    release_date: 14/02/2020

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://ssdb.io/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://github.com/ideawu/ssdb#compile-and-install
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:

>     release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/ideawu/ssdb/releases/tag/1.9.7

Author: If there is nothing mentioned in the release notes, we should not put a link here. Otherwise, our statement in other_info would be in contradiction.

    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: No specific arm64 release notes are available. Installation and testing was done through tar file and found from version 1.9.7 it is supported on arm64.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. Installation and testing are done via the tar.
```
